1.  ### __Let's just do it. If it doesn't work, then never mind. <u>-Song Hojun-</u>__
    - There are times when I couldn't start this article because of fear. He was not the one who missed many opportunities when he read this article at the time, but now he was able to start anything with courage. This is what the individual satellite <u>Song Hojun</u> said. It's a really cool word, so remember that it's important to start this sentence. If you don't finish your work without responsibility or if you don't finish it, it can be harmful to you. Start first and do your best to proceed.<br><br>
2. ### __First of all, the blooming flowers fall first. You should not rush to make a contribution before others. <u>-Chaegeumdam-</u>__ 
    - The reason why I started to like this article was that I always felt like I was behind others and that I was in place while others were doing a lot of things. Every time I did that, my self-esteem went down a lot and there were hard times. However, after reading this article, I am thinking about going slowly and steadily one day. Then I think I can bloom someday. <br><br>
3. ### __Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.. <u>-Stephen William Hawking-</u>__
   - If you ask me what I did best in my life, I would say that I was the first to learn physics. I live a good life thanks to various experiences in my life, but what made my life comfortable and happy was physics class. Physics class allowed me to have a hopeful day and always gave me excitement and anticipation. So I feel a little more attached to this article. This article was written by Stephen Hawking, a British theoretical physicist. When we have a hard day in our lives, we come looking down and sighing at the tips of our feet. After reading this article, I always walk looking up at the sky. There will be people who can relate to this article. I can't express it in more writing. <br><br>
4. ### __One of the basic rules at the universe is that nothing is perfect. Perfection simply doesn't exist. Without imperfection, neither you nor I would exist. <u>-Stephen William Hawking-</u>__
   - This is also what physicist Steve Hawking said. I am not a perfect person. And there won't be a perfect person in this world. I live in the fun of filling in the gaps one by one because I'm not perfect. Sessing can't be perfect, and it doesn't really have to be perfect. What is good is good is lacking is beauty. I hope we all live a life where we are not obsessed with perfection. <br><br>
5. ### __Slow and steady wins race.__
   - I think this is a story that many people have heard of it. It's the story of Aesop's fable Axe and Turtle. I'm in such a hurry when I start working on any project. And I think the same is true when I study. I can't concentrate because I'm in such a hurry. But don't think about going fast, sometimes you turn around, sometimes you walk, and sometimes you fall, but if you go one step at a time, you will arrive one day. And where I thought I was going back could be the way I am now. So, if we don't rush ourselves and continue to do our job slowly and steadily, one day we will be able to pay off. <br><br>
6. ### __God never abandons the brave. <u>-Helen Adams Keller-</u>__
   <br><br>
7. ### __I didn't give up because I couldn't, I couldn't because I gave up.__
   - I've seen this somewhere before, but I'm writing it because it touches my heart. In fact, I think it's not something that anyone said, but something that's just floating around the Internet. Giving up is what I want to do, and if I don't, I don't want to give up. So if you don't stop and run steadily until you succeed, you won't give up. It gives you time to think about whether you couldn't do it because you couldn't do it when you finished something or if you couldn't do it because you gave up.<br><br>
8. ### __Don't compromise with reality out of fear.__
   - This is also a word that I always had in mind when I was in high school. I don't know why I liked this eagle so much at the time. Do you think I can do it? I think it's because I have a lot of negative thoughts. I don't know who said this. Thank you very much for saying this. I'm a coward who gets scared more than I thought. I think that's why I started to like this article. This will depend on interpretation, but I think it's a good meaning. Read this article and it will be as you interpret it. Don't set limits on yourself.<br><br>
9.  ### __For a long time, dream so a person eventually the dream resemble <u>-André Malraux-</u>__
    - This article was written by a writer and politician in France. If there's something you want to do, you don't give up and go to the end. I also have things I want to do and I'm drawing them to do it.<br><br>
10. ### __Live simply. How complicated are you living because of the unnecessary procedures and work?__ <br><br>



#### <center>If there is a problem with my writing, please let me know if there is an error.</center>
### <center>by pstor</center>
